# Hackust2021

The latest edition of the Women in the Workplace survey indicates nearly 90% of the 500 women surveyed are facing challenges when it comes to financial, familial and professional responsibilities. Women are struggling with working and taking care of their family simultaneously, especially during the pandemic. It is usually a woman who needs to take time off of work or quit their job to take care of kids or sick family members. 

Obviously, during the pandemic, women are the ones who shoulder the burden when children cannot go to school. To ease the stress from women, our team (404Error) has developed an innovative solution - a price comparison and ordering website to reduce the time and work on comparing prices from different supermarkets. Women can easily use the search engine or navigator bar to search for women’s toiletries, babies, laundry and household products. Each product will display 4 prices crawled from 4 well-known e-commerce platform for comparison which are Wellcome, ParknShop, HKTV mall and Big big shop. The best-price banners will also be displayed and updated per week to highlight the best price products of the week. After adding all the wanted products into the shopping cart and clicking the order button, our platform will automatically help to order the items from the 4 well-known e-commerce websites. We believe that this solution website can totally save the users’ time from price comparison and travelling and allocate this time to her work or family.
